
Nelya Dukhovych
9364 Hoff St
Philadelphia, PA 19115
267-312-7364
nelyacsharp@gmail.com


Profile

Enthusiastic junior web-developer with 6 monthes of experience. 
Skilled at writing well-designed, testable and efficient code using ASP.NET MVC and client-side web development.
Initiative to actively seek new knowledge and improve skills. 

or

(Carrier Objective)
Hardworking professional junior web-developer who contribute to the success of the company through efficient use of my technical, communication, engineering knowledge and interpersonal skills.


Employment History

Real State Company
Huntingdon Valley, PA
Web Developer  04/2020 - Present  

//////or

Re/Max Elite
Huntingdon Valley, PA
Junior Web Developer  04/2020 - Present  

Volunteered as a Web developer for realtor agent
 
- Developed secure intranet web application using ASP.NET MVC, jQuery, HTML and CSS.
- Ensure user has an ability to register new and maintaine existing clients.
- SQL Stored Procedures to CRUD operations on employee’s records.
- Addded a functionality to upload images and PDF files.
- Prepare test data and perform testing/debugging activities.
• Performed other duties as assigned.



    -  Listings (realtors properties) (RestaurantReview project)
    - Transactions (buing & selling) ? 
    - Todos ( schedule, meatings, showings) Orest project
    - Attachments of pictures  (RestaurantReview project)
    - Attachement of agreements (RestaurantReview project)
    - Marketing slides ( carousel of pictures) (RestaurantReview project)
    - Questions and answers


Infinity of Care, INC
Feasterville, PA
Medical Biller  09/2018 - Present

    - Set up new patient account.
    - Assign ICD-10 to physicians diagnosis. Verify correct CPT codes for a variety of specialties. 
    - Insure accurancy of insurance claims. Make sure claims are entered and submitted with 48 hours of receipt. 
    - Set-up practice management software for submission of electronic claims to clearinghouse. Work with clearinghouse to resolve file compatibility issues.
    - Retrieve Electronic Remittance Advice (ERA's).
    - Post and reconcile insurance and patient payments. Research and resolve incorrect payments, EOB rejections, and other issues with outstanding accounts.
    - Re-submit insurance claims as necessary. Knowledgeable in timely filling restrictions.
    - Ensure office practice are in compliance with HIPAA regulations.


Infinity of Care, INC
Feasterville, PA
Front Desk Receptionist  09/2014 - 10/2018

    - Greeting and welcoming clients and providing them with a positive first impression of the organization.
    - Maintained accurate records of patient care, condition, progress and concerns.
    - Scheduled and accompanied clients to medical appointments.
    - Performed clerical duties, such as word processing, data entry, answering phones and filings.
    - Prepared patient charts, pre-admission and consent forms as necessary.
    - Assisted in maintenance of medical charts and/or electronic medical records.

 (Software and Programming Languages
          MySQL, C#, .Net, ASP.NET, Entity Framework, LINQ, MVC, Unit Testing, Web API, 
          Html, CSS, XML, AJAX, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, 
          Bootstrap, GitHub, Fiddler, Postman)

Skills

Programming languages
C#, JavaScript

Web Technologies
HTML5, CSS, .NET(Core, MVC, WebForms, Unit Testing, Web API, SignalR), Angular 10, TypeScript

UI Libraries
Bootstrap, Materialize

Data Modeling
JSON, XML

Data Management
MS SQL, Entity Framework

Version Control
Git

Other
Fiddler, Postman, Swagger


Certification

Udemy                                                                                                                  2019 – 2020
C# Intermediate, C# Advanced  - Mosh Hamedani
The Web Developer Bootcamp - Colt Steele


Education

American Advanced Institute of Technology                                                         Feasterville, PA
Advanced Training in Microsoft .Net Software Development                             10/2019-08/2020
Diploma in Microsoft .Net Applications Development

Community College of Philadelphia                                                                      Philadelphia, PA
Proficiency Certificate in Medical Insurance Billing                                           01/2016 - 02/2017

Community College of Philadelphia                                                                     Philadelphia, PA
Associate in Arts                                                                                                 09/2012 - Present
Culture Sciense & Technology

Precarpathian University                                                                         Ivano-Frankivsk, Ukraine
Bachelor's Degree in Foreign Literature                                                            09/2004 - 05/2010



















